Update TypeScript definition of EmotionCache (#1990) (#1999)
emotion-js/emotion: .changeset/honest-terms-mate.md

---
'@emotion/utils': patch
---

> Updated TypeScript definition of EmotionCache; replace stylis fn with insert

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed TypeScript definition of the `EmotionCache` by replacing the non-existent `stylis` method with `insert` that is available at runtime.
```
